docs/GITHUB-ACTIONS-SETUP.md, before:

# GitHub Actions Setup for Cloudflare Workers Deployment

## Overview

This repository uses GitHub Actions to automatically build and deploy the website to Cloudflare Workers whenever:
- Code is pushed to the main branch
- A manual deployment is triggered
- Sanity content is updated (via webhook)

## Required Secrets

You need to add the following secrets to your GitHub repository:

### 1. Navigate to Repository Settings
1. Go to your repository on GitHub
2. Click on "Settings" tab
3. In the left sidebar, click "Secrets and variables" → "Actions"

### 2. Add Required Secrets

Click "New repository secret" for each of the following:

#### `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`
1. Go to [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile/api-tokens)
2. Click "Create Token"
3. Use the "Custom token" template with these permissions:
   - Account: `Cloudflare Workers Scripts:Edit`
   - Zone: `Zone:Read`, `Cache Purge:Purge`
4. Copy the token and add it as the secret value

#### `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID`
1. Go to [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com)
2. Select your account
3. Find the Account ID in the right sidebar
4. Copy and add it as the secret value

#### `CLOUDFLARE_ZONE_ID` (Optional - for cache purging)
1. Go to your domain in Cloudflare Dashboard
2. Find the Zone ID in the right sidebar
3. Copy and add it as the secret value

## Deployment Workflows

### Automatic Deployment
Every push to the `main` branch automatically deploys to production.

### Manual Deployment
1. Go to the "Actions" tab in your repository
2. Select "Deploy to Production" workflow
3. Click "Run workflow"
4. Choose environment: `preview` or `production`
5. Click "Run workflow" button

### Sanity Webhook Deployment
When content is updated in Sanity, it can trigger a deployment:

1. In Sanity Studio, set up a webhook pointing to:
   ```
   https://api.github.com/repos/[YOUR-USERNAME]/[YOUR-REPO]/dispatches
   ```

2. Configure the webhook with:
   - Method: `POST`
   - Headers:
     ```
     Authorization: token [YOUR-GITHUB-PERSONAL-ACCESS-TOKEN]
     Accept: application/vnd.github.v3+json
     Content-Type: application/json
     ```
   - Body:
     ```json
     {
       "event_type": "sanity-update"
     }
     ```

## Creating a GitHub Personal Access Token

For Sanity webhooks to trigger deployments:

1. Go to GitHub Settings → Developer settings → Personal access tokens → Tokens (classic)
2. Click "Generate new token"
3. Give it a name like "Sanity Webhook"
4. Select scope: `repo` (full control of private repositories)
5. Click "Generate token"
6. Copy the token and use it in the Sanity webhook configuration

## Monitoring Deployments

### View Deployment Status
1. Go to the "Actions" tab in your repository
2. Click on any workflow run to see details
3. Green checkmark = successful deployment
4. Red X = failed deployment (check logs)

### Deployment URLs
- **Production**: https://cindyromanzo.com
- **Preview**: https://preview.cindy-romanzo-coaching.workers.dev

### Troubleshooting

**Build fails with "Module not found"**
- Check that all dependencies are in package.json
- Run `npm install` locally and commit package-lock.json

**Deployment fails with "Authentication error"**
- Verify CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN has correct permissions
- Check CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID is correct

**Cache not clearing**
- Ensure CLOUDFLARE_ZONE_ID is set
- Verify API token has Cache Purge permission

## Best Practices

1. **Test locally first**: Run `npm run build` before pushing
2. **Use preview environment**: Deploy to preview first, then production
3. **Monitor deployments**: Check Actions tab after pushing
4. **Keep secrets secure**: Never commit secrets to the repository

## Support

If you encounter issues:
1. Check the GitHub Actions logs for error messages
2. Verify all secrets are correctly set
3. Ensure Cloudflare API token has necessary permissions
4. Check that wrangler.toml is properly configured

Commit message:

Fix GitHub Actions deployment permission error
- Remove deployment annotation feature that requires additional permissions
- Replace with simple deployment URL logging
- Update documentation to clarify permission limitations

The deployment still works perfectly, just without GitHub's deployment tracking UI

docs/GITHUB-ACTIONS-SETUP.md, after:

# GitHub Actions Setup for Cloudflare Workers Deployment

## Overview

This repository uses GitHub Actions to automatically build and deploy the website to Cloudflare Workers whenever:
- Code is pushed to the main branch
- A manual deployment is triggered
- Sanity content is updated (via webhook)

## Required Secrets

You need to add the following secrets to your GitHub repository:

### 1. Navigate to Repository Settings
1. Go to your repository on GitHub
2. Click on "Settings" tab
3. In the left sidebar, click "Secrets and variables" → "Actions"

### 2. Add Required Secrets

Click "New repository secret" for each of the following:

#### `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`
1. Go to [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile/api-tokens)
2. Click "Create Token"
3. Use the "Custom token" template with these permissions:
   - Account: `Cloudflare Workers Scripts:Edit`
   - Zone: `Zone:Read`, `Cache Purge:Purge`
4. Copy the token and add it as the secret value

#### `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID`
1. Go to [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com)
2. Select your account
3. Find the Account ID in the right sidebar
4. Copy and add it as the secret value

#### `CLOUDFLARE_ZONE_ID` (Optional - for cache purging)
1. Go to your domain in Cloudflare Dashboard
2. Find the Zone ID in the right sidebar
3. Copy and add it as the secret value

## Deployment Workflows

### Automatic Deployment
Every push to the `main` branch automatically deploys to production.

### Manual Deployment
1. Go to the "Actions" tab in your repository
2. Select "Deploy to Production" workflow
3. Click "Run workflow"
4. Choose environment: `preview` or `production`
5. Click "Run workflow" button

### Sanity Webhook Deployment
When content is updated in Sanity, it can trigger a deployment:

1. In Sanity Studio, set up a webhook pointing to:
   ```
   https://api.github.com/repos/[YOUR-USERNAME]/[YOUR-REPO]/dispatches
   ```

2. Configure the webhook with:
   - Method: `POST`
   - Headers:
     ```
     Authorization: token [YOUR-GITHUB-PERSONAL-ACCESS-TOKEN]
     Accept: application/vnd.github.v3+json
     Content-Type: application/json
     ```
   - Body:
     ```json
     {
       "event_type": "sanity-update"
     }
     ```

## Creating a GitHub Personal Access Token

For Sanity webhooks to trigger deployments:

1. Go to GitHub Settings → Developer settings → Personal access tokens → Tokens (classic)
2. Click "Generate new token"
3. Give it a name like "Sanity Webhook"
4. Select scope: `repo` (full control of private repositories)
5. Click "Generate token"
6. Copy the token and use it in the Sanity webhook configuration

## Note on Permissions

The workflow uses GitHub's built-in `GITHUB_TOKEN` which has limited permissions. If you see "Resource not accessible by integration" errors, this is normal. The deployment will still work correctly.

## Monitoring Deployments

### View Deployment Status
1. Go to the "Actions" tab in your repository
2. Click on any workflow run to see details
3. Green checkmark = successful deployment
4. Red X = failed deployment (check logs)

### Deployment URLs
- **Production**: https://cindyromanzo.com
- **Preview**: https://preview.cindy-romanzo-coaching.workers.dev

### Troubleshooting

**Build fails with "Module not found"**
- Check that all dependencies are in package.json
- Run `npm install` locally and commit package-lock.json

**Deployment fails with "Authentication error"**
- Verify CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN has correct permissions
- Check CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID is correct

**Cache not clearing**
- Ensure CLOUDFLARE_ZONE_ID is set
- Verify API token has Cache Purge permission

## Best Practices

1. **Test locally first**: Run `npm run build` before pushing
2. **Use preview environment**: Deploy to preview first, then production
3. **Monitor deployments**: Check Actions tab after pushing
4. **Keep secrets secure**: Never commit secrets to the repository

## Support

If you encounter issues:
1. Check the GitHub Actions logs for error messages
2. Verify all secrets are correctly set
3. Ensure Cloudflare API token has necessary permissions
4. Check that wrangler.toml is properly configured
